#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBO.bg" group-title="Movies",HBO
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBO2/sa_dash_vmx/HBO2.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hbofamily.br" group-title="Movies",HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOHits.in" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOSignature.mx" group-title="Movies",HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkyCinemaHits.de" group-title="Movies",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AXN.bg" group-title="Movies",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Kix.uk" group-title="Movies",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WarnerHD.mx" group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Star Chinese Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Star Chinese Movies Legend
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCMlegend/sa_dash_vmx/SCMlegend.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBO.bg" group-title="Movies",HBO
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBO2/sa_dash_vmx/HBO2.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hbofamily.br" group-title="Movies",HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOHits.in" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOSignature.mx" group-title="Movies",HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkyCinemaHits.de" group-title="Movies",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AXN.bg" group-title="Movies",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Kix.uk" group-title="Movies",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WarnerHD.mx" group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Star Chinese Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",Star Chinese Movies Legend
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCMlegend/sa_dash_vmx/SCMlegend.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd
